feat(v4): remove `@tanstack/react-query` exports items for `@pankod/refine-core` (#3674)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/large-queens-shop.md

---
"@pankod/refine-core": major
---

> exports items for `@pankod/refine-core`

Reviewer: Hey @yildirayunlu,

Can you update the changeset like below:

All `@tanstack/react-query` imports re-exported from `@refinedev/core` have been removed. You should import them from `@tanstack/react-query` package directly.

If the package is not installed, you can install it with your package manager:

```bash
npm install @tanstack/react-query
# or
pnpm add @tanstack/react-query
# or
yarn add @tanstack/react-query
```
After that, you can import them from `@tanstack/react-query` package directly instead of `@refinedev/core` package.

```diff
- import { QueryClient } from "@refinedev/core";

+ import { QueryClient } from "@tanstack/react-query";
```

All `@tanstack/react-query` components re-exported by `refine` are removed. You should import them from `@tanstack/react-query` directly.

Before:

```tsx
import { QueryClient, Refine } from "@pankod/refine-core";
```

After:

```tsx
import { Refine } from "@pankod/refine-core";
import { QueryClient } from "@tanstack/react-query";

> ```

Reviewer: All `@tanstack/react-query` imports re-exported from `@refinedev/core` have been removed. You should import them from `@tanstack/react-query` package directly.

If the package is not installed, you can install it with your package manager:

```bash
npm install @tanstack/react-query
# or
pnpm add @tanstack/react-query
# or
yarn add @tanstack/react-query
```
After that, you can import them from `@tanstack/react-query` package directly instead of `@refinedev/core` package.

```diff
- import { QueryClient } from "@refinedev/core";

+ import { QueryClient } from "@tanstack/react-query";
```

> exports items for `@pankod/refine-core`
> 
> All `@tanstack/react-query` components re-exported by `refine` are removed. You should import them from `@tanstack/react-query` directly.
> 
> Before:
> 
> ```tsx
> import { QueryClient, Refine } from "@pankod/refine-core";
> ```
> 
> After:
> 
> ```tsx
> import { Refine } from "@pankod/refine-core";
> import { QueryClient } from "@tanstack/react-query";
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All `@tanstack/react-query` imports re-exported from `@refinedev/core` have been removed. You should import them from `@tanstack/react-query` package directly.

If the package is not installed, you can install it with your package manager:

```bash
npm install @tanstack/react-query
# or
pnpm add @tanstack/react-query
# or
yarn add @tanstack/react-query
```
After that, you can import them from `@tanstack/react-query` package directly instead of `@refinedev/core` package.

```diff
- import { QueryClient } from "@refinedev/core";

+ import { QueryClient } from "@tanstack/react-query";
```
```
